(#163) Extend registerCallback section in documentation (#326)
ros2/message_filters: doc/index.rst

In C++ ``registerCallback()`` returns a ``message_filters::Connection`` object that allows you to disconnect the callback by calling its ``disconnect()``  method. You do not need to store this connection object if you do not need to manually disconnect the callback.

The base ``SimpleFilter`` class has four distinct overloads of a ``registerCallback`` method.
These overloads allow you to pass different types of callable objects depending on your architectural needs such as lambdas, standard functions, free functions or member functions.

1.1.1 Lambda or generic function as a callback

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The first overload is the ``template<typename C>Connection registerCallback(const C & callback)``.
It accepts any callable type, including lambdas and the result of ``std::bind``.

> The expected argument of a callable object should be a constant reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first overload is ``template<typename C> Connection registerCallback(const C & callback)``.
It accepts any callable type, including lambdas and the result of ``std::bind``.
The callable must accept the message as a constant reference, since it is invoked through a
``std::function<void(const std::shared_ptr<M const> &)>``.
```

.. code-block:: C++
  class ExampleNode {
    void callback(example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr msg);
    ...

    message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);
    message_filters::Connection connection_1 = sub.registerCallback(
      [](example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr& msg) {
          // Some work done here on a message
      }
    );
    message_filters::Connection connection_1 = sub.registerCallback(
      std::bind(
        &ExampleNode::callback,
        this,
        std::placeholders::_1
      )
    );

>   };

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    class ExampleNode
    {
    public:
      explicit ExampleNode(rclcpp::Node * node)
      : sub_(node, "my_topic", 1)
      {
        connection_1_ = sub_.registerCallback(
          [](const example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr & msg) {
            // Some work done here on a message
          }
        );
        connection_2_ = sub_.registerCallback(
          std::bind(
            &ExampleNode::callback,
            this,
            std::placeholders::_1
          )
        );
      }

    private:
      void callback(example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr msg);

      message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub_;
      message_filters::Connection connection_1_;
      message_filters::Connection connection_2_;
    };
```

1.1.2 std::function as a callback

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The second overload is the ``template<typename P> Connection registerCallback(const std::function<void(P)> & callback)``.
It explicitly takes a standard library ``std::function`` object.

> One may invoke this overload for example as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second overload is ``template<typename P> Connection registerCallback(const std::function<void(P)> & callback)``.
It explicitly takes a standard library ``std::function`` object, which lets you choose how the
message is passed to the callback.
One may invoke this overload for example as follows
```

.. code-block:: C++
  message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);
  std::function<void(example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr)> callback = [](example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr& msg) {
    // Some work done here on a message
  };

>   message_filters::Connection conn_std_func = filter.registerCallback(callback);

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);
    std::function<void(example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr)> callback =
      [](example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr msg) {
        // Some work done here on a message
      };
    message_filters::Connection conn_std_func = sub.registerCallback(callback);
```

1.1.3 Free function as a callback

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The third overload allows you to pass a standard C-style function pointer.
It is the ``template<typename P> Connection registerCallback(void (* callback)(P))`` overload.

> Note that this function must be visible at compile time and cannot capture any state (unlike lambdas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a function pointer cannot capture any state, unlike a lambda.
```

.. code-block:: C++
  void freeFunctionCallback(example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr msg);

  message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);

>   message_filters::Connection conn_free_func = sub.registerCallback(freeFunctionCallback);

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    void freeFunctionCallback(example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr msg);

    message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);
    message_filters::Connection conn_free_func = sub.registerCallback(freeFunctionCallback);
```

1.1.4 Member function as a callback

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The last overload requires two arguments: a pointer to the member function (e.g., ``&Class::method``) and a pointer to the instance (this or a specific object) on which the method should be invoked.

> This overload allows you to bind a non-static member function of a specific class instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last overload is ``template<typename T, typename P> Connection registerCallback(void (T::* callback)(P), T * t)``.
It requires two arguments: a pointer to the member function (e.g., ``&Class::method``) and a pointer to the instance (``this`` or a specific object) on which the method should be invoked.
This overload allows you to bind a non-static member function of a specific class instance.
```

.. code-block:: C++
  class CallbackHandler {
  public:
      void handle_msg(const example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr& msg);
  };

  CallbackHandler handler_instance;

  message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);

>   message_filters::Connection conn_member_function = sub.registerCallback(&CallbackHandler::handle_msg, &handler_instance);

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    class CallbackHandler
    {
    public:
      void handle_msg(const example_interfaces::msg::UInt32::ConstSharedPtr & msg);
    };

    CallbackHandler handler_instance;

    message_filters::Subscriber<example_interfaces::msg::UInt32> sub(node, "my_topic", 1);
    message_filters::Connection conn_member_function = sub.registerCallback(
      &CallbackHandler::handle_msg, &handler_instance);
```
